as-developers/rd.md, before:

Requirements Document
=====================

## Document Revisions

| Version | When            | Who                    | What                                      |
| ---     | ---             | ---                    | ---                                       |
| v1.0    | 2023-01-27      | Developer team         | Initial drafting                          |

## Table of Contents

_todo: table of contents_ at end when were done, Drew can tackle this

## 1 Introduction

### 1.1 Purpose
 

### 1.2 Project Scope

### 1.3 Glossary of Terms

_some sort of table here..._

### 1.5 Overview

## 2 Overall Description

### 2.1 Product Perspective

### 2.2 Product Features

### 2.3 User Classes and Characteristics

### 2.4 Operating Environmen

### 2.5 Design and Implementation Constraints

### 2.6 Assumptions and Dependencies

#### 2.6.1 Assumptions

#### 2.6.2 Dependencies

## 3 System Features

### 3.1 Major Feature 1

#### 3.1.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.1.2 Functional Requirements

### 3.2 Major Feature 2

#### 3.2.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.2.2 Functional Requirements

### 3.3 Major Feature 3

#### 3.3.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.3.2 Functional Requirements

## 4 External Interface Requirements

### 4.1 User Interfaces

### 4.2 Hardware Interfaces

### 4.3 Software Interfaces

### 4.4 Communications Interfaces

## 5 Other Non-Functional Requirements

### 5.1 Performance Requirements

### 5.2 Security Requirements

### 5.3 Software Quality Attributes

Commit message:

Add outline of three major features

as-developers/rd.md, after:

Requirements Document
=====================

## Document Revisions

| Version | When            | Who                    | What                                      |
| ---     | ---             | ---                    | ---                                       |
| v1.0    | 2023-01-27      | Developer team         | Initial drafting                          |

## Table of Contents

_todo: table of contents_ at end when were done, Drew can tackle this

## 1 Introduction

### 1.1 Purpose
 

### 1.2 Project Scope

### 1.3 Glossary of Terms

_some sort of table here..._

### 1.5 Overview

## 2 Overall Description

### 2.1 Product Perspective

### 2.2 Product Features

### 2.3 User Classes and Characteristics

### 2.4 Operating Environmen

### 2.5 Design and Implementation Constraints

### 2.6 Assumptions and Dependencies

#### 2.6.1 Assumptions

#### 2.6.2 Dependencies

## 3 System Features

### 3.1 Courses

_this section describes the functionality of students belonging to courses, profs owning a course,
students having a homepage where they can see their courses. also, here is where we should chat
about the software adaptation (frecency) feature we were talking about._

#### 3.1.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.1.2 Functional Requirements

### 3.2 Course Content

_this section describes the functionality of professors posting notes to their courses, including
special assignment notes that students can upload submissions to. also, here is where we mention
that professors can assign grades to individual student submissions, and students can see what
grade they got for individual things._

#### 3.2.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.2.2 Functional Requirements

### 3.3 Grades

_this section describes the funcitonality of students being able to see all their graded items for
a course in one place, spreadsheet style._

#### 3.3.1 Description and Priority

#### 3.3.2 Functional Requirements

## 4 External Interface Requirements

### 4.1 User Interfaces

### 4.2 Hardware Interfaces

### 4.3 Software Interfaces

### 4.4 Communications Interfaces

## 5 Other Non-Functional Requirements

### 5.1 Performance Requirements

### 5.2 Security Requirements

### 5.3 Software Quality Attributes
